Did you watch Sasha Baron Cohen's thing. I've heard. It's amazing.
Holy of him getting this Georgia. Reppo this, this Georgia, um,
state representative to be like hucking.
The nword out like 10 times saying why why'd he say it? What was the,
the context? Because you know,
Sasha sashafinagles him into doing these fake PSA ads or whatever, right.
Of like anti-terrorism. Yeah. <laugh> without be giving.
I don't wanna give away SAS bits. Meker is one of.
The head writerss over there. He's.
Telling me he was, yeah, he was, he was, he says it gets crazier. Oh dude.
You could tell it. You could tell this is them just tipping. You they're like,
man, here's a little something for you. He says.
It gets really crazy at the last episode.
From, from this, this character, the one character. That's like a,
the Israeli guy. Yeah.
Dude. How good is that character? 's great.
Pull up a video of that character when he was, uh, talking the,
uh, second amendment guy into like, like making like cute guns for kids. Yeah.
Yeah. <laugh>.
They do. They do ads for kid guns. <laugh>.
But the character is so crazy. This is ho the,
his Israeli command down charact.
Yeah. He character tell the, the kid have safety gun and it's got big,
big plush doll on top. They put like little plush dolls on kids, guns and.
Pull his mouth, eat, shoot gun.
Apparently they like those really hardcore Christian second amendment guys.
They love Israelis. Of course. So.
<Laugh> yeah. They love Israeli soldiers, man. This is.
Why he, I have, this is really character. This dude is hilarious.
Gets G O P lawmaker to Joyce giving endorse giving three year olds guns.
Stuffed an the stuffed animal surrounds the gun.
You're not gonna seeanything but see.
If you can get a video of him doing the character. Yeah. See.
Click that. That's just gonna be the full trailer. They won't show you.
Yeah, but no, play it. Play it. Play it. Play it. No, that's it. That's it gun.
At? I hero Felip van Cleve. My.
Next guest is a gun rights advocate. He says the Bushmaster Semitic rifle,
the type of rifle that Adam Lander used to kill 20 children. And six more.
Rideals he quote a blast to shoot with guns are fun.
Some of them are much more cool than others. Are you proud of what you said?
It's.
Too, is the fact in America,
there have been a lot of shootings in the school and in the university.
What do the liberals say is the reason for this and this solution?
Well, they blame it on guns. <laugh> yeah, it's crazy because.
They blame it on the guns. Yes. Yesho it is.
We start a program in Israel for kinder
guardians. Okay.
We train them from the age 16 down to the age three. Yeah.
Well, I, I think it would be a, a, a good idea.
We we've been pushing something along this line for years,
but really haven't gotten any traction with it.
We were thinking seventh or eighth grade and you're talking much younger than.
That. My son was in the very first program. May he rest in peace?
<laugh> he died doing what I love <laugh>.
They haven't quite developed. Um, oh my, we call conscious God where you, you,
you feel guilty about doing something wrong. That's developing.
If you're learning right and wrong. If they haven't developed that yet,
they could be very effective soldiers. This year.
I thought in our state government,
they had a bill put in that would've made it illegal for someone
four years old to 12 years old, have access to a gun. Uh,
we, we killed, we killed the bill.
They tried to stop four year old children from having access to guns.
Yes. Yes. What is the logic that these people come up with? <laugh>.
They just think the children, uh, can't handle them.
We want three roles who are real experts at what they're doing.
Not three yearolds who are reckless. Yeah.
And we don't teach two year olds because they call it the terrible tools for
reason. Yes.
This is a reason <laugh> I would like you to help me do instructional video.
For three. Oh.
They're gonna show you. Yeah. Well you should folks watch that,
but what's really crazy is the hate man. Like that's a while.
Look at the makeup that he's.
Wearing Madison. He does, he does one where he's like a, an NPR type of cat.
And he goes to Kingman, Arizona, and he tries to build a mosque. And they,
the that comes outta their mouth, the fact that they sign off on it,
the one dude goes there's blacks in this town. And we don't,
they don't belong here either. And the guys and you know,
of course he's he makes to joke. And then he goes, no,
what i'mt telling you is we tolerate them. We tolerate the blacks.
It like sits and it sits in the room for a second. You're like good God.
These are real people that exist. Yeah. They exist. They tolerate the blacks in.
It's.
A great name of the show too. This is America. Yeah.
This is, this is the guy MOS new.
MOS per king. Look the NPR guy, the wooden beads around his neck. Oh, he nailed.
It. His intro is hilarious. Cuz he goes, I'm a self-haing white man. <laugh> oh,
play that.
Play that video. Try to find that video. It's really.
Funny. And then you, and then he's a genius, man. He, he, uh, he lays us.
What is this? This, this is it. That's it. That's it. That's it see.
Huge economic growth here. Here.
Who wants to see an investment of
385 million?
Guess what? You guys are gonna get it. Look at.
I'm here to tell you the chosen, this,
the location of a brand new state. Ofthe art.
Mosque.
What of the art?
I know some of you thinking, okay, this is just another typical mosque.
This guys is going to be the world's
largest mosque outside of the middle east.
<Laugh>.
Just the word alone scares you to me. When I hear the word mosque,
I think of terrorism. This guy, is there.
Is there a need.
For this in Kingman? Yes. There is. How wild,
what your town will become. Forget the whole thing.
Hop for tourism for.
It's really.
Good. It's so good, man. That'll.
Be able to look at the character. The character is this guy.
Right there. Wonder that guy, this toothless dude, that it just on him too.
But the other dude, he's the one that's like the blacks we tolerate. It's a,
we have to, we do it. Cuz we have to it's.
Look at his shoes, man. He went insane with the perfect outfit. This is amazing.
Every detail of every character he does, the clothing is my,
is some of the funniest. It's real specific. What's.
Hilarious is he kind of had to do this because everybody knew what he looked
like that we couldn't just do Bora. True. Couldn't just do Oll.
Jean, except for people in these. He, you know, when someone goes,
someone will notice you he's famous. Not in those worlds. They don't, they,
if he'd had no makeup on nobody in king, who, who Sasha bear and Cohen is,
do you know what I mean?
The, the crazy thing is these people must have had to sign releases.
Yeah. And I did hidden camera. So I know how that works. Yeah. I've done that.
Too. Yeah. So how.
Well there's two ways there's money,
which is always the best way mm-hmm <affirmative> and you make 'em sign before
mm-hmm <affirmative> that's that's it there's there's two ways to get around
sign floors the way yeah. You make sign, you know,
we're gonna be featuring you on this thing.
We did this bit Ian Edwards and I did this bit for comedy central for the show
that never went. Um, I don't know if I've ever told you this, but we,
this bit was so fun to do. We made a thing called and in Mayo, mayonnaise,
mayonnaise, that ch that made you darker. <laugh>
Real. And, and we put food coloring in Mayo,
but we introduced it as new brown Mayo. It's a new generation of Mayo.
And so we got people in this test group.
We know like real people in a real test group that go and take tests all the
time in. They, I mean, they sample. We put 'em in a room.
We made them eat the sandwiches, just Mayo. It was Mayo.
They eat the sandwiches. All these white people eat the sandwiches.
And then when they're done,
we send in this black dude Al and she shows them a video.
And it was a pre-ttape video,
basically of white people confessionals who have turned we've you know,
we photoshopped them to have turned more brown to turn, start to turn black.
Oh my <affirmative>. And we're like in three to five weeks,
you start to see results. You start to see cultural results, mental results.
You know're getting, you're getting more black by culture.
You're getting smarter black.
You're getting cooler black in your neighborhood to your friends,
like their face it, their faces were perf. If we didn't have any volume,
you'd laughed. Everyone's like, um, wait a minute. No one said we'd be black.
We'd be turning laugh. I mean, they lost their minds.
<laugh> people got so scared. It was amazing. Ah,
that bit was incredible. They MTV never. I mean, uh,
comedy central never aired to any of that. Where is it? Comedy central.
Probably. Hasn't a vault. They threw away. Oh my God. How could they not?
That was one of our favorite bits that we, that made us laugh. So hard.
Their faces that one, one woman though, one woman to her credit. She goes, she,
you know, people are freaking out in the room.
People are starting yelling at him and they're like, this is I'm gonna Sue you.
I'm gonna, and he's black and he white people. I'm gonna Sue your. If I'm black,
it's like the funniest to watch him go.
It's not as bad as you're making it out to be. I mean, I was,
I was born black and I'm liking it a lot. And one woman goes, you know,
it's disturbing, cuz it's shocking just to spring this on me. But I don't, um,
I'm not scared. I, I could take on being black.
I'll just let's let's we'll see what happens. I mean, she was like positive pun,
third credit. See what happen? She goes, we'll just, I'll just live with,
we'll just figure this out. I guess. I mean,
it was insane that they bought into it, but also that that's how we did it.
We made him sign beforehand and then you paid him out and when it's over,
we broke 'em off more money. So they wouldn't say no,
cuz they still have the legal right. To be like, I'm pulling that. You,
you pull it or I'm suing you. So once.
It was over, did they understand that it was for comedy central.
After, after everything was said and done. And then did they laugh?
A few did not laugh. <laugh> yeah. Yeah. A few laughed.
A few people were not cool, but that was one of my favorite bits,
melon and Mayo and man didn't work like a charm. People were like,
this mayonnaise is delicious. It was Hellmann's or whatever.
With a little brown dye in it it's unconventional. I really like it.
<laugh> this is so stupid. That's so funny. Yeah. That was a funny bit, man.
They killed, they murdered.
A bit. Seeing people think they're about to turn black and.
They panic and the black guy's a presenter.
That was the best part we put Al you know,
Al's up there in a room full of this guy named Al shear.
He was he's a greatover and he's in a room filled with white people.
Tell telling him they don't want to go black. Oh my God. It was awesome.
It was a fun bit. So he.
Was saying that he used to be white. No.
No. He he's saying it's he, he just was the, the representative for the company.
Right? We loved the idea.
We had images and video of people who had turned black of white people who had
turned black <laugh>.
But you didn't tell him until after the eighth a sandwich. It's exactly right.
Oh my gosh. Eat the food first. Then we showed them the, we,
we said it was a commercial cuz that was the whole thing.
It' like a new commercial campaign for,
for whatever fake mayonnaise company we made up. And then we had said,
here's the commercial. We're gonna run along with it. What do you guys think?
And we played the commercial. They were supposed to rate the commercial.
That's what they do in those test groups, you know? Oh my God.
Yeah. That was, that was fun. Now what did comedy central? Why did they, not.
That they didn't, they, you know, what's so funny is they, they,
we oversshot this pilot cuz I think they wanted way more bits for the sketch
show. And I just don't they, a lot of things, they said they couldn't,
they didn't want to air, they couldn't air. There's a few things that were just,
he did some great bits.
I just think comedy central legal department was just having a trouble with it
because he, he was balls out. He,
he did this thing called gangster gardener where we would went.
Tobelaire where he just started, um,
like clipping people's lawns and planting trees with a group of Mexican dudes.
And they were like, looked like they were thuggged the out.
And these white dudes would come out. Like, what are you?
What are you doing in my yard? It's like we plant trees.
Are we trying to get this looking nice? And these white dudes are like, no,
I don't want you. He's like we landscaping.
And then he would hand <laugh> he would hand them bills. He'd be like, yeah,
that's 50 bucks, 50 bucks for that Bush. And these dudes were like,
I'm not giving you my, you can't, you can't just like Renegade do my lawn.
He's like, that's how we making money out here these days.
Inbelaire it was like, Ugh, we got in, that was a tough day.
Cause everyone's like, I'm gonna Sue you. I'm gonna Sue every in that truck.
I mean, it was like, I mean, there were fun days, but a lot of days,
and that was like going through,
you just feel people's like anger B bubbling over and they're gonna murder
somebody. But Al was ruthless. He didn't give a Fu he didn't give a.
He would to be.
A certain type of person and.
Do whatever he would go do any bit. He would go do any bit. He loved.
And Rachel was always, his favorite was making white people feel uncomfortable.
To do a hidden camera show. You gotta be a.
Different kind of person. Yeah. It's a beastasly thing. I <laugh>,
you gotta be up. You gotta be up. And they, he and he was good, but yeah,
Ian, Ian and I, and, and uh, another person wrote a bunch of those weird stupid.
It's.
Gotta be really hard to do something like done today,
which is the interesting thing about the Sarah,
Sarah BA Sarah Sasha Saha spar Cohen thing. Oh yeah. His,
he show Timess taken some chances. Yeah.
But you know what?
They took a chance because he is such a good horse to bet on and look at on
that. Just on yet YouTube clip. That's not even a Showtime clip.
That was somebody else that 150,000 and views on just a sh a clip.
And it's just really recent too. Yeah. Just.
They just put it out. Yeah. I mean,
his they're circulating all over the internet.
It's it will just get way more traction as time goes on. Cuz it's so fun, man.
Yeah. He's a killer. Got all that free PR.
Too by all the politicians saying that like bill, bill duped,
before they even put out the shows, they're all like we got DUP.
I got duped by him. I got.
Duped Dick. I got Sarah Palan they all came out. Were like,
they Fu he me over da, da, da, da.
And then they had a billboard that somebody said he was doing stolen valor.
Did you see that?
Yeah. What was that about? Because he said that he was a, an injured soldier.
And an ex right. There was an ad for him as an ex soldier or something.
And so that got a ton of press, a ton of press.
Wasn't that? The Sarah Palin one? No.
Yeah. I don't know. Was it? I don't know. You'd have to look it up.
I don't remember which one it was.
I think it was the Sarah Palin one. He was a disabled veteran.
But they were saying right stolen Val or stolen Val, all this.
Yeah. They were trying anything to discredit it. Well, but if.
But it's com it's a, it's a comedy series. It's a sketch comedy series.
You tell me a sketch character. Can't play whatever they want. I mean, that's,
that's what it is. That's I think people that's like people get mad.
Some people say no. I mean, if it's a,
if you can play a character in a F if you can play a war hero in a film,
why can't you play the opposite?
Like born on the 4th of July, Tom cruise. Okay. What's.
So funny. I was just thinking the, the, I think the character he has when he is,
that is the, the, the alt right type guy. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah.
He saying is a bunch of stuff like that.
And Showtime countered the claim here
with the Showtime counter Sasha bear and cl stolen Val claim. Yeah.
They countered.
It well, cause they cuz it was made public. It's.
A long statement about it. But.
Widespread misinformation over the past week about the character of Billy Wayne
Rudick Jr. PhD performed by. But what is the.
Counter?
I think they explained what happened.
They sort of said that they didn't misrepresent themselves.
They probably thought he was someoneridick.
Was asked by the Senator if he was disabled.
And he stated that he is not and uses a mobility scooter to conserve energy.
In addition, barricone never presented himself as a veteran in the us military,
former Alaska governor,
Sarah Palan during the booking process or during the filming of her interview.
Okay. So there you go. Okay.
Scroll down a little bit lower.
It says on Monday a conservative street artist replaced a billboard near CBS
television. Yeah. City complex in a Los Angeles, uh,
with a doctored image of Cohen in a wheelchair wearing an army t-shirt
the new billboard was cap caption SA Sasha barren Cohen walks away with
a hit and a touch of stolen valor. A touch.
Yeah. He's trying to say that it's a slight, it's a slight at the,
at the troops. Mmhmm <affirmative>. Yeah. Okay. But how dare you?
Mock thoseso fought and served our country. True sick. Wow.
Mock politicians and innocent personalities. All you want. Mm.
The delicate balance.
Is this is what Palin said. Palin wrote on FA Facebook. Yeah.
She wrot on Facebook.
Disrespect of our us military and middle class Americans via Cohen.
She's so stupid. And middle class Americans. you.
You're disrespectful to middle class. Yeah. See.